# Project informations

Name: Seed a Mongodb using data from API <br />
Credits: Example project of General Assembly Software Engineering Course 2022 <br />
Start date: 03/26/2022 <br />
Version: 001 <br />
Author's name: Rodrigo Wanderley <br />
E-mail: <boaventurarodrigo@yahoo.com.br> <br />
Git hub profile: <https://github.com/Rodrigowb> <br />
Linkedin profile: <https://www.linkedin.com/in/rodrigowanderleyboaventura> <br />

# About the project

This project aims to seed a non-relational data base using node, mongodb, mongoose, promises and API request.

# Files description

## package.json

Node initialization file, where stores the run commands for the other files, using --experimental-fetch. This was used, because the require() is being changed for the new syntax of importing files (from xxx import xxx).

## download.js

Get data from the countries free API using promises (asyncronous execution) and transforming it into a json file formated in strings, using the fs library.

## Country.js

Set a mongoose schema (blueprint of the database), that enforces validation in the non-relational db. <br />
Create and export a mongoose model (schema constructor), called Country.

## connect.js

Set the connection to the mongo db and create event listeners to give feedback of the cobnnections.

## seed.js

Get only the data that we want from the json file (generated by the API request in the download.js) and seed the mongodb with it.

# How to use test this repository?

1. Create a json file: `echo "{}" > package.json`
2. Install node-fetch (you must have npm installed): `npm install node-fetch`

# Technologies used

1. Command Line
2. Git
3. Node
4. Java Script
5. Mongodb
6. Mongoose
7. API requests
